FGLI, Finals, and Fun!
Inbox

Fri, Dec 8, 2:00 PM (6 days ago)
to me

FGLI, Finals, and Fun!
We have made it! We are at the end of the Fall 2023 semester!

﻿

As the semester winds down and finals begin,

we have several events to help FGLI students focus, de-stress, and be celebrated! Additionally, there are several exciting opportunities for FGLI students below.



As always, if you have something you would like featured in the next FGLI newsletter, please reach out to Carlie Carter (cjcarter@wm.edu).



Let's dive into the first December FGLI newsletter below!

FGLI Finals Events




Monday 12/11

Tuesday 12/12

Wednesday 12/13

FGLI Focused Yoga & Meditation

5:45-6:45 PM

Studio B, McLeod Tyler Wellness Center



Register here here!

11am - 1 PM

Pet Therapy with Stella the Beagle (mix)! in the McLeod Tyler Wellness Center Lobby. No registration required!

12-1:30 PM

Pet Therapy with Lilly the Labradoodle in the McLeod Tyler Wellness Center Lobby. No registration required!





Study night in the CLC from 5-9!

Snacks and a fancy hot chocolate bar provided!


 
Survey for FGLI Students
The Provost, Vice President for Strategy and Innovation, and Vice President for Student Affairs invite you to complete an anonymous survey designed to:



Identify challenges / personal concerns facing students from First Generation and/or Limited Income (FGLI) backgrounds
Identify the effectiveness of current resources available to FGLI students
Identify gaps and ways in which services for FGLI students can be improved
 

Survey link: https://wmsas.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_4YgHb1mosdBi8xo


Winter Break Meal Preorder
A limited selection of meals is available to preorder for Winter Break!





Option 1 - December 19- 31| The deadline to order your selections is Friday, December 15.

All meals can be picked up on Monday, December 18 or Tuesday, December 19, at Commons from 12:00 pm - 8:00pm.


Option 2 - January 1 - January 18| The deadline to order your selections is Wednesday, December 27.

All meals can be picked up on Thursday, December 28 or Friday, December 29 at Commons from 9:00am - 1:00pm.
Meals that are pre-ordered but not picked up will be charged to the student account.
Only one pre-order form should be completed for the entire week. 
All meals will be prepared fresh and can be safely stored and reheated as desired.


The Dining Halls will be open regular hours

on Saturday, December 16 and Sunday, December 17. 

Commons Dining Hall will re-open on Friday, January 19 at 4:00 p.m.

The Food Hall @ Sadler will re-open on Sunday, January 21 at 9:00 a.m. 

Dining Winter Break Hours
Preorder Meals Here
Location and Menus

Airport Shuttles for Winter Break
Parking & Transportation operates airport shuttle service to and from Richmond International (RIC) and Newport News/Williamsburg International (PHF) for scheduled breaks in the academic year. All airport shuttles depart and return to Sadler Terrace and cost up to $50 per shuttle seat. Winter Break shuttle reservations close December 11 and will operate December 16, 18, 19 & 20 with return to campus January 22 & 23. Sign up today - Student Assembly will cost share $25 off for the first 100 riders to sign up.


Apply for Summer Research Grants!
The Charles Center has funding for your summer research project: $3,000 for all class years/disciplines, and $4,000 for rising seniors planning to complete an Honors Thesis next year.

Deadline: February 19, 2024.

Learn more: /go.wm.edu/sRw23Q

Email Kate Patterson at kmpatterson@wm.edu with any questions.


GRI Career Fellows Intelligence Seminar

In the Spring 2024 semester, the Global Research Institute is launching a Career Fellows program with a seminar series on Intelligence. This seminar is hosted by the former Deputy Director of Operations for the CIA, who spent 32 years with the agency. Students accepted into the seminar series will gain insight into careers in the field of intelligence by attending three seminars titled: "What is Intelligence?", "How Does the US Intelligence Community Work?", and "Ethics in Intelligence". 

 

The dates of the sessions are:

February 6, March 5, and April 2 from 11:30 - 1:00 pm. Please note you must commit to attending all three seminar sessions in order to participate.

 

Lunch will be served. Sessions will be held in the new GRI space in the Swem ground floor.

 

Applications are due January 12, 2024, by 11:59 pm. Questions? Email klhouck@wm.edu.


Paid Laboratory Research Opportunities in Cell Biology
Professor Diane Shakes (https://dcshak.pages.wm.edu/) is currently recruiting students for paid positions in her cell biology research lab. For Spring 2024, she is seeking multiple students to assist her with both diverse lab tasks (from media preparation to record filing) and her current research project on nematode sperm development. Students will be paid $12/hr. and must commit to working 5-10 hours a week. Preference will be given to freshmen and sophomores who are first-gen students and expect to major in biology. For Summer 2024, she is recruiting two English-Stonehouse fellows who will earn $4000 for completing ten full-time weeks of summer research. The research will be on campus, and students can apply for free on-campus housing. The donor supporting these fellowships specifically wants to support first-gen students. In selecting the summer fellows, preference will be given to students who are working in the Shakes’ lab during Spring 2024.



To apply, for either position, please submit (1) a current resume, (2) an unofficial copy of your W&M transcript, and (3) a short statement (<500 words) that addresses why you are a particularly good candidate for these positions (e.g. a good match to your career goals, your passion for science, and your character traits such as reliability, honesty, and teamwork). Make sure to submit your materials to Professor Shakes (dcshak@wm.edu) as a PDF by January 12th.


Apply to be a WAVE Fellow
The WAVE Fellows program supports this goal by increasing visibility and accessibility to Caltech's Ph.D. programs to undergraduates in STEM fields who are seriously considering attending graduate school. WAVE Fellows is a 10-week undergraduate research program that provides robust programming in the areas of academic and professional development.

 

Eligibility:

Must be current sophomores through non-graduating seniors.
Must be U.S. citizens, U.S. permanent residents, or students with DACA status.
A minimum GPA of 3.2 is required.
 

Competitive applicants will have completed sophomore-level courses in their desired research field, have demonstrated through academic and/or co-curricular activities a passion for research, and can articulate how their research interests align with Caltech's research areas. The most competitive applicants will have prior research experience.

 

Support:

WAVE Fellows will receive a $7,740 award for the ten-week program. An additional $2,000 on-campus housing supplement and $260 travel supplement will be provided.

 

Application:

Online applications are due January 9, 2023. You can find the application, here.



Click here for more information or reach out to Carol Casey, casey@caltech.edu, with questions.


William & Mary Office of Student Transition Engagement Programs | Campus Living Center, 230 Gooch Drive, Williamsburg, VA 23185
Unsubscribe schen43@email.wm.edu
Constant Contact Data Notice
Sent by fye@wm.edu
