What's the Scoop?
Inbox


Wed, Sep 2, 2020, 8:50 PM
to me




September 2020
Dining Hours
dining.wm.edu



Meal plans come in many different shapes and sizes, conveniently tailored for the varying needs of individual students living both on and off campus. Looking for more Dining Dollars or want to switch to more meal swipes? Now is the time, change your meal plan by September 3.

Guidelines for W&M Dining Hall Safety

To mitigate the risk of spreading COVID-19, all students, faculty and staff must acknowledge a Healthy Together Community Commitment to ensure our collective well-being. Here is what you need to know about dining on campus this fall:
Wear a mask: Face coverings should be worn at all times, except while eating or drinking.

Clean your hands: Use one of the hand sanitizing stations that are placed throughout each dining location.

Remain physically distanced: Tables and chairs, including booths, have been preset to comply with physical distancing guidelines. Please do not move them, even if your “pod” is larger. Additionally, maintain a 6-foot gap when waiting in lines.

Sitting at tables: When a distance of 6 feet
cannot be maintained between individuals
while eating, students are encouraged to
dine with their roommate or suite mates.

Follow marked guidance: Adhere to the
one-way flow of traffic within each dining
location.
	


Know before you go: Are you dining at peak
times? Check the heat map to track real-time
occupancy. You can also view daily menus and
nutritional information and even order ahead if you know exactly what you want or when you want it.

Know when to go: Dining halls will be closed
between lunch and dinner for restocking,
reorganizing and sanitizing. Marketplace will now
be open on weekends, but Center Court at Sadler will be closed on weekends due to construction.

Take meals to go: Enjoy increased
pre-packaged options and new take-out lines at Center Court at Sadler, Commons and Marketplace.

Order online: Use the Tribe Truck, Marketplace and Sadler Express (tentatively opening
September 4) for grab-and-go options using the Bite App.

Pay contact-free: Utilize contactless
transactions by simply tapping your W&M
ID card on new register scanners.

Enhanced Cleaning and Sanitizing
	

	
Table markers have been added to each table to indicate whether they have cleaned for use. A green check will let guests know that the table has been cleaned making it safe for sitting and eating. A red 'X' will advise guests the table is not yet cleaned, which helps enforce a safe social environment. Guests will be asked to turn the card to red when they are finished at the table so dining staff are alerted to clean the table for the next guest.

Marketplace, Center Court at Sadler
and Commons will be closed between
﻿2:30 pm - 5:00 pm for cleaning and sanitizing.
COVID-19 Protocols

	

Join Us for a BBQ outside on the patio in Marketplace.
Saturday Sept. 5 & Sunday Sept. 6
12:00-2:00 p.m. & 5:00 p.m.-7:00 p.m.
Hamburgers, Hot Dogs, Veggie Burgers
Use a Meal Swipe
Mask required except when eating or drinking
Please follow 6 feet physical distance guidelines

Download the Bite App for Mobile Ordering
	

	


Mobile Pay & On Your Way
No lines, no fuss, no hassle, whether you’re using your Meal Swipe, Dining Dollars or W&M Express.

What’s To Eat & Where to Find It
See the menu at the Commons, Sadler, Tribe Truck or Marketplace. If it’s on campus, it’s in Bite.

Easy Ordering | Quick Pick Up
Place your to-go order in Bite, then drop in to get your meal in Marketplace or the Tribe Truck.

Get the Facts
Complete transparency about what’s in your food. Search for vegetarian and vegan dishes, flag allergens and more.
Download the Bite App

	
	
New Grab & Go in Sadler

Want a quick take-out option? Sadler Express is your stop for a great to-go meal. Using a meal swipe, choose between Marinara, a pasta bar with side salads, or our Simply to Go options. At Simply to Go you may choose between a salad or sandwich with a side, drink, and dessert. There will also be heat and serve meals available for a meal swipe or Dining Dollars.

	

	
Marketplace New Weekend
Hours of Operation

Marketplace is now open on the weekends, Sadler will be closed to support the Sadler Center construction. Additionally, Commons, Sadler and Marketplace will close in between lunch and dinner for cleaning & sanitizing.

Marketplace Features:
Sushi
Simply to Go Salads & Sandwiches
Mobile Ordering
Take and Heat Meals
Rotating Daily Entree Menu
Dining Hours of Operation

	
Dining Options in Commons

Commons aka "The Caf" makes it easy to dine in or take your meal to go.

All stations are served by a member of the dining staff.
Tables are cleaned and sanitized after each use.
Silverware is pre-wrapped.
Dine in and enjoy all-you-care-to-eat
Enjoy the new tables outside, ask the cashier when you enter for a compostable to go box.
A new station Simply to Go has packaged salads and sandwiches, a swipe is pick 4 an entree, side, dessert & drink this option is to go only.


	
New Location for Tribe Truck

The Tribe Truck has moved to the patio between Lemon & Hardy Halls. This new location will also be a pick-up spot for Simply To Go meals place your to-go order in Bite to avoid the line, then head over to the truck to pick up your meal. Vegan and Simple Servings meal option will also be available so there is something for everyone.

The menu will be posted weekly on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
	
			
	

Retail Locations
	

	
Chick-fil-A is open for carryout only Monday - Saturday. The dining room seating and outdoor patio will remain closed.

Cosi, located on the ground floor of the Sadler Center The menu features made-to-order sandwiches, tossed salads, bowls, melts and artisan flatbread pizzas.

Qdoba Mexican Eats, located in the Student XChange in the Sadler Center, is a Mexican restaurant offering customizable, flavourful food.

Boehly Grill, located in the School of Business, the Boehly Cafe offers Starbucks and grab n' go meals.

Daily Grind, located in Lodge 2, Aromas Daily Grind is a unique coffeehouse & gourmet bakery cafe.

Aromas, located in Swem Library, Aromas has been a local favorite in Williamsburg since 2000. This trendy coffee shop offers specialty coffees, fine teas, baked goods, soups, and sandwiches

	

	
﻿Simple Servings to Go Options
Starting this semester, Dining Services will have Simple Servings to go meals. Lunch and dinner menus change daily and include varied protein options, such as fish, beef, pork, chicken and turkey, as well as gluten-free whole grains and steamed and roasted vegetables. This station offers food free from peanuts, tree nuts, shellfish, wheat, soy, milk products, eggs, and gluten containing ingredients. Culinary staff and servers, on the Simple Servings team receive AllerTrainU certification.
AllerTrained Info


...

[Message clipped]  View entire message
