William & Mary Courageous Leadership Institute- ONLINE and FREE - multiple sessions to choose
Inbox


Sun, Aug 30, 2020, 2:00 PM
to Drew, bcc: me

PLEASE FORWARD TO HIGH SCHOOL FRIENDS, FAMILY AND COUNSELORS

William & Mary Courageous Leadership Institute
Answering our collective call to service, we created an online leadership institute for high school students. Courage is the ability to step into a challenging situation, not sure of the outcome, but doing it because it's the right thing to do. We know high school students want to learn courageous leadership, become practiced in it, and step into action for positive change. Despite the fact we cannot be in the same location, we have an opportunity to educate and prepare our most audacious future leaders. And, cost should not be a barrier to access, so the Institute is free to all.

About the Program  
The Institute is a 4-week program comprising asynchronous learning and synchronous keynote speakers, small group discussion, and facilitated reflection. This innovative institute will expose participants to some of William & Mary’s most distinguished faculty and alumni across education, public policy, and nonprofits. And, through moderated discussions with William & Mary students, participants identify and refine their values and rumble with vulnerability on the road to becoming more compassionate and courageous leaders. Students who complete the program will receive a certificate of completion from William & Mary’s Courageous Leadership Institute, and emerge better equipped to step into their values, especially when it is hard. 

Who
10th, 11th & 12th-grade students in HS across the US

Where
William & Mary Online

Typical Schedule
7-7:05 pm Welcome from Brendan Bourdage, Institute Director
7:05-7:35 pm Presentation and Chat with Invited Guest
7:35-8 pm Small Group Discussion
8 -8:15 pm Wrap Up from Brendan Bourdage

Some nights will be 60 minutes with the same format 

When
Online for 4 weeks
One night/week for 60-75 minutes/week
Session I Begins Monday, September 14- FULL
Session II Begins Tuesday, September 15
Session II Begins Wednesday, September 16
When registering please sign up for one session
There will be several additional sessions throughout the fall semester
Registration 
Session I: FULL
Session II: https://tribelink.wm.edu/submitter/form/start/437631
Session III: https://tribelink.wm.edu/submitter/form/start/437815

Drew

 

Andrew D. Stelljes, PhD 
Assistant Vice President of Student Affairs
Student Engagement and Leadership 
www.wm.edu/sel

