Career Conversations -Suit Up, Virtual Career Fairs, and Virtual Quick Advising
Inbox


Sun, Sep 13, 2020, 5:24 PM
to me


Hello Members of the Tribe!
This week, you'll find:

Upcoming Programs & Events
Crash Courses
Employer Information Sessions
Navigating your Career as a Diverse Candidate Panel Series: LatinX
Suit Up
Career and Internship Fairs
Virtual Career Fair Video
Job, Internship, and More Updates
Workforce Recruitment Program
Parker Dewey Micro-Internships
On-campus Opportunities
Industry Sneak Peek
 STEM Careers
Career Readiness Tips of the Week
 Digital Technology: Virtual Career Fair Practice Resources
Connect with Cohen
Virtual Advising
In-person Advising
Virtual Workshops
Virtual Quick Advising (new this week)
Monthly Event Calendar
UPCOMING PROGRAMS

Visit TribeCareers to access the virtual meeting links for all programs listed.

Crash Courses

Crash Courses are 30-minute overviews about various career development topics. Check out the four offerings this week.



 

Employer Information Sessions
New events are added regularly. Be sure to check TribeCareers for the most recent additions and to access the virtual event links!



Accenture - Women in Technology Panel, Tuesday, September 15, 4:30-5:30pm, Federal Consulting 101, Wednesday, September 16, 4:30-5:30pm, and Inclusion and Diversity Panel, Thursday, September 17, 4:30-5:30pm

Dominion Energy - Wednesday, September 16, 6:00-7:00pm

Google - STEP Internship Overview, Wednesday, September 16, 7:00-7:30pm and Cloud Technical Residency, Thursday, September 17, 6:00-6:30pm

PricewaterhouseCoopers - Capital Markets and Accounting Advisory Services (CMAAS), Monday, September 14, 5:30-6:45pm and Diversity and Inclusion Conversation, Wednesday, September 16, 5:00-6:00pm

These are just some of the information sessions we have coming up this week.  Check out TribeCareers for the full list.

 
Navigating Your Career as a Diverse Candidate: A Panel for Latinx Students
Join us for a virtual joint diversity panel series presented by the Cohen Career Center and the Center for Student Diversity, Tuesday, September 22 at 4:00pm.



 

Suit Up
Back by popular demand, and with virtual accommodations, is Suit Up, our partnership with JCPenny to provide W&M students with a unique coupon code for an extra 30% off of on already marked down professional attire and accessories resulting in up to 60% off individual items. 

Text WM to 67292 to receive your individual coupon code that can be used both online or in-store. Visit www.jcpenney.com/m/suit-up  to see what will be included in the sale.



Career and Internship Fairs
Join us for our virtual Career & Internship Fair on Thursday, September 17 and Friday, September 18, 12:00-3:00pm.  There will be different employers each day.



 
Virtual Career Fair Video
All of our Career Fairs will be virtual this semester.  Check out this video to see what to expect and how to prepare.



JOBS, INTERNSHIPS, AND MORE UPDATES
Workforce Recruitment Program:

The Workforce Recruitment Program for College Students with Disabilities (WRP) is a recruitment and referral program that connects Federal Government and select private-sector employers nationwide with highly motivated postsecondary students and recent graduates with disabilities who are eager to demonstrate their abilities in the workplace through paid summer internships or permanent jobs.

Learn more at their virtual information session, Wednesday, September 16 at 6:00pm.



 

Parker Dewey Micro-Internships:

Looking to gain some experience this year?  Check out the Micro-Internship opportunities at Parker Dewey.  Micro-Internships are short-term, paid, professional assignments that are similar to those given to new hires or interns. These projects enable students to demonstrate skills, explore career paths, and build their networks as they seek a full-time role. Unlike traditional internships, Micro-Internships can take place year-round, typically range from 5 to 40 hours of work, and are due between one week and one month after kick-off. Micro-Internships are used by companies ranging from those in the Fortune 100 to emerging start-ups, and go across departments including sales, marketing, technology, HR, and finance. 



 

On-Campus Opportunities:

TutorZone is currently accepting applications. Please apply by September 15. They will continue to accept applications throughout the semester, however after September 15, your application may not be reviewed until 2021. For more details, visit their website: wm.edu/tutors.


 

COHEN INDUSTRY SNEAK PEEK: STEM CAREERS

Here's a quick preview of what to expect in the STEM newsletter. This email is delivered every week and features information about upcoming STEM careers events and opportunities, as well as a Tip of the Week. If this interests you, be sure to update your Industry newsletter preferences in TribeCareers under Account > Academic.

 
CAREER READINESS TIPS OF THE WEEK
Each week we'll take a deeper look at one of the NACE Career Competencies helping to identify your familiarity with the competency while also providing options for developing or sharing your abilities. Visit our webpage on the NACE Career Competencies for more information.

Digital Technology 

Digital Technology is a competency that is constantly developing. This week, we have multiple ways you can add to your level of fluency in preparation for and participation in the upcoming Virtual Career Fairs:

In addition to the Virtual Career Fair Tour video shared under Upcoming Events in this email, you can visit the Resources section of TribeCareers.wm.edu to review the instructions for preparing your profile and setting up your 1:1 video chats with the recruiters. You can also find a full list of resources and tips for the fairs on wm.edu/career/tribrcareers/fall-2020-update.
For the Virtual Career Fair, recruiters will be using their preferred video chat platform. These platforms have become more and more common across all industries. For the fairs, you may need to switch between platforms depending on the organization. In your future work environment, you'll likely become familiar with one as a predominant resource. To learn about some of the more common platforms, check out our Virtual Chat Platform Best Practices Guide.
If you'd like to practice introducing yourself in a video chat platform, log into Big Interview to access the behavioral interview questions, including "tell me about yourself," as a good skill builder for eye contact with the camera, tone of voice, posture, and review of your chosen background.
Digital Technology is defined as:

Leverage existing digital technologies ethically and efficiently to solve problems, complete tasks, and accomplish goals.
Demonstrates effective adaptability to new and emerging technologies.

 

 

CONNECT WITH COHEN



Virtual Advising - All advisors will be available for virtual advising appointments, via Zoom or phone. Schedule through TribeCareers or by calling the office at 757-221-3231.

In-Person Advising - Each week, an advisor will be in the Cohen Career Center for face-to-face advising. To accommodate student demand and healthy together protocols, in-person advising appointments will take place in the Cohen Career Center Presentation Room and will be no longer than 25 minutes. To schedule, click here:  https://bit.ly/inpersonappt . To promote contactless sessions, feel free to email any documents you'd like reviewed to career@wm.edu ahead of time. All in-person sessions must be scheduled at least 2 hours ahead of time.

Wondering what to expect?  Check out this video.



Virtual Workshops - Virtual Crash Courses (30-minute overview of different career topics) will be held throughout the semester.  Need to know about resumes at 3:00 am?  Check out our Video Clinics at wm.edu/career, or in the resource library in TribeCareers.

Virtual Quick Advising - Have a quick career question?  Drop in to Quick Advising hours on Zoom, Mondays-Thursdays, 2:00-4:00pm.  Find the Zoom link in TribeCareers announcements or by emailing quickadvising@wm.edu.

  


New events are added regularly. Be sure to check TribeCareers for the most recent additions and to access the virtual event links! 

 
Connect with us
Make an appointment to speak with a Career Advisor Mon. - Fri. from 8:00 am to 5:00 pm. Go online to TribeCareers.wm.edu or

   call 757-221-3231 to speak to our front desk. 

Set up your profile and apply for jobs & internships on TribeCareers.wm.edu.

Find online resources available at any time on wm.edu/career. 

Sign up for industry newsletters in TribeCareers under My Account > Academic. Check off the newsletters you want to receive, save the changes, and you're good to go! 

Follow us on Social Media: facebook.com/wmcareercenter, @wmcareer on Twitter, and @cohencareercenter on Instagram. 

 Wish to unsubscribe? If you do not want to receive future issues of this newsletter, you can unsubscribe under My Account > Emails & Notifications. 


 
Attachments area
Preview YouTube video In-Person Appointments at the Cohen Career Center - Fall 2020

