The Medium Guide to Giving Thanks
External
Inbox


Thu, Nov 23, 8:32 AM
to me

Unsubscribe from this email

Hi Sophia,

Here in the U.S., it's a day for catching up with people who matter to us, revisiting age-old family recipes, and feeling grateful for all of the above. No matter where in the world you're reading from, explore a special collection of our favorite perspectives on giving thanks.

If you love original writing like this, join Medium as a member today. Read without limits or ads, fund great writers, and join a global community of people who care about human storytelling.
Join Medium
On gratitude, gathering, and good food
What Poverty Taught Me About Being 'Too Generous'
What Poverty Taught Me About Being 'Too Generous'
By Kristine Levine, Comedian, Actor, and Writer
"When you give the best you have to someone in need, it translates into something much deeper to the receiver. It means that they are worthy."
Why Practicing Gratitude Is Good for Your Health
Why Practicing Gratitude Is Good for Your Health
By Catherine Sanderson, Psychology Professor at Amherst College
"People who focused on what they were grateful for felt 25 percent happier—they were more optimistic about the future and they felt better about their lives. People in this group also reported exercising more and had fewer symptoms of illness."
Non-Traditional Thanksgivings Can Be the Best Thanksgivings
Non-Traditional Thanksgivings Can Be the Best Thanksgivings
By Holly Pettit, Writer and former U.S. Army Linguist
"We should create holiday traditions that suit our needs—and what our life can reasonably provide us—rather than contorting ourselves to fit where we don't ultimately belong."
How to Talk to Anyone
How to Talk to Anyone
By Ross McCammon, Author of Works Well With Others: Crucial Skills in Business No One Ever Teaches You
"The holidays are a time of warmth, cheer, and awkwardness. Here's how to enjoy even the trickiest conversations."
Debunking Persistent Thanksgiving Myths
Debunking Persistent Thanksgiving Myths
By Paul Combs, Essayist and Bookseller
"None of these myths in any way lessen the importance of taking one day a year to consider and be thankful for our many blessings, but getting history wrong does nothing to help that."
Why I’ll Never Share My Grandmother’s Apple Pie Recipe
Why I'll Never Share My Grandmother's Apple Pie Recipe
By Brittany Yost, Academic Advisor and Publishing Professional
"Food is a central part of our family identity. I knew a recipe was important if my mother said it was a Grandmama Julia recipe. Every time I was allowed to observe one of these sacred food rituals, I knew I was being given a gift with the same importance of any family heirloom."
Don’t Miss the Moments in Front of You
Don't Miss the Moments in Front of You
By Ryan Holiday, Bestselling Author of The Obstacle Is the Way and Ego Is the Enemy
"All time is quality time… if you choose to make it so. This moment in front of you is a gift. It's everything you'll ever need and ever want."
Join Medium
Sent by Medium - 548 Market St, PMB 42061, San Francisco, CA 94104
Unsubscribe - Help center - Privacy policy

