🤩 We’re recognizing our most loyal members 🤩
External
Inbox


4:40 PM (3 hours ago)
to me

Domino's	ORDER ONLINE
Domino's® Rewards	
HI SOPHIA! YOU HAVE 10 POINTS.

Order Now
For Domino's® Rewards Members Only - 35% off menu-priced orders - To say thank you, find this exclusive offer in My Deals & Rewards and enjoy our entire menu all week long! - REDEEM NOW - Any delivery charge is not a tip paid to your driver. Drivers carry less than $20. Offer valid only for Domino's® Rewards members who must select this limited time offer. Minimum purchase required for delivery. Prices, participation, delivery area and charges may vary. Offer valid only and applies to the menu price of your order. Offer valid 12/11-12/17. Offer is not
 transferable or combinable with any other offers.
DOMINO'S TRACKER® = GAME CHANGER - Make getting delivery easier than ever. Follow your order every step of the way and choose exactly when you get a notification. The Domino's Tracker® with GPS puts you in complete control. - Order Now - *Msg. and data rates may apply
 Browse Menu
 Find Coupons

Your local store	
Your Domino's Store:
1220 Richmond Rd
Williamsburg, VA 23185
Not your store? Update your subscription address.

Facebook	Twitter	Instagram	TikTok
Legal Stuff:  Domino's® Rewards is open only to US residents 13+ with a Pizza Profile account who order from participating Domino's locations. Status as of 12/13/2023. Point redemption only valid online toward specific menu items at participating locations. Only one order of $5 or more excluding gratuities and donations per calendar day can earn points. For complete details visit dominos.com/rewards.

Any delivery charge is not a tip paid to your driver. Please reward your driver for awesomeness. Drivers carry less than $20. You must select this limited time offer. Minimum purchase required for delivery. Delivery charge and tax may apply. Prices, participation, delivery area and charges may vary. Prices and coupons may vary in Alaska and Hawaii. Store hours may vary. Returned checks, along with the state's maximum allowable returned check fee, may be electronically presented to your bank. ©2023 Domino's IP Holder LLC. Domino's®, Domino's Pizza® and the modular logo are registered trademarks of Domino's IP Holder LLC.

Domino's email coupons are linked directly to your nearest Domino's store. If you have moved or would like to receive email coupons from a different store, please visit our Email & Text Offers page. Simply enter the new street address and the same email address you used to subscribe to Domino's emails, then click 'SIGN ME UP.'

Outside the U.S. and would like to unsubscribe? click here.

To unsubscribe within the U.S., please click here.

This message was sent to schen43@email.wm.edu

Domino's Pizza LLC
30 Frank Lloyd Wright Dr.
Ann Arbor, MI 48106

Questions? Contact Domino's Customer Service.

View in browser

