The Inside Story of Microsoft’s Partnership with OpenAI
External
Inbox


Fri, Dec 1, 3:56 PM (13 days ago)
to me

View in browser | Update your preferences

The New Yorker Daily Newsletter
Friday, December 1, 2023

In today’s newsletter, technology for all the people, and then:
• The best movies of 2023
• The enduring strangeness of Nicolas Cage
• What was the point of George Santos?

 Annals of Technology
The Inside Story of Microsoft’s Partnership with OpenAI
The two companies had spent four years honing a protocol for releasing artificial intelligence ambitiously but safely. Then, while Microsoft was launching A.I.-powered assistants for its most popular products, OpenAI’s board upended everything.

By Charles Duhigg
An illustration of a small pencil shining out of a ring box.
Reporter’s Notebook
Charles Duhigg, who spent six months inside the worlds of Microsoft and OpenAI, answers questions about the brief ouster of Sam Altman, OpenAI’s C.E.O. and co-founder, which set off a five-day crisis that some people at Microsoft began calling “the Turkey-Shoot Clusterfuck.”

You spent a long time reporting one kind of story, and then, at the end, a different, very dramatic story emerged. What does the short Altman saga say about the larger project of developing A.I. for consumers?

On the Friday before Thanksgiving, I got a call from someone within Microsoft, who said, “Hey, look at the Internet. They just fired Sam Altman.” So this set off a week-and-a-half sprint to figure out what happened and rewrite the whole story. Most people have thought of OpenAI being in the driver’s seat, and Microsoft being lucky to have allied with them. But I think what this episode shows is that it’s actually the opposite. It’s that OpenAI is lucky that Microsoft allied with them, because although OpenAI is bringing this ferocious and inspiring dedication to developing A.I., it’s really having a partner like Microsoft, which knows how to make stuff actually happen, that is going to bring artificial intelligence into people’s lives in a meaningful way.

This brief drama seemed to distill for some people a feeling of chaos or danger that’s been associated with the development of A.I.

There was this narrative floating around that the drama at OpenAI was going on because people there thought Altman was moving too fast and taking too many risks. That’s not really right at all. Basically, members of the board just disliked him and felt they were being manipulated by him. And they struck back by firing him. There was no debate over an issue such as safety, in which people were disagreeing with one another.

For good and bad, people are still more powerful than the stuff we are creating on machines. There’s a tendency to move to worst-case catastrophes when talking about A.I.—a fear of robots taking over the world and technology escaping our grasp. But the product that they’re now developing with Microsoft is something that helps your word processor. It’s not something that is going to overthrow humanity right now.

This was the first crisis for artificial intelligence. The truth of the matter is that OpenAI was thrown into crisis by the most human of problems. And the only way it was solved was through the work of other humans.

Read the story

Support The New Yorker’s award-winning journalism. Subscribe today »

An illustration of a book with leggings that are running.
From the News Desk
George Santos surrounded by reporters outside of a Manhattan courthouse in April 2023. Our Local Correspondents
What Was the Point of George Santos?
Washington finally rediscovers how to give a grifting congressman the boot.

By Eric Lach
Image may contain: Face, Head, Clothing, and Apparel
Susan B. Glasser
Bidenomics Is a Political Bust for Biden
President Joe Biden

Photograph from Getty

The President has spent the summer and fall touting his Administration’s economic accomplishments and the nation’s return to prosperity. There is much evidence to cite, but, as Susan B. Glasser writes in her latest column from Washington, opinion polls suggest that the country isn’t in the mood to listen. Many voters, Glasser writes, “don’t care about the rate of inflation slowing; they care that prices are much higher today.” Read more »


The Year in Review
 2023 in Review
The Best Movies of 2023
The year’s wide variety of cinematic artistry reflects the many systems of production at work behind the scenes.

By Richard Brody
An illustration of three books on a windowsill with an eye and a cloud appearing through the window.
Culture Dept.
Nicolas Cage in the movie “Dream Scenario.” Assessment
The Enduring Strangeness of Nicolas Cage
The actor’s performance in “Dream Scenario” seems crafted to remind viewers that he’s more than a meme.

By Isaac Butler

The Current Cinema
Grand Appetites and “Poor Things”
In Yorgos Lanthimos’s film, Emma Stone plays a young woman who was created by a scientist, and is forever tasting the world—eating, dancing, travelling, having sex—as if it were freshly made.

By Anthony Lane

Goings On
Women Fashion Designers Take Center Stage at the Met
Also: “Squid Game: The Challenge,” music from Romy and Liz Phair, a documentary on the authoritarian Chinese government, and more.

An illustration of a crossword puzzle wrapped around the arms of a person.
Fun & Games Dept.
A still of Joaquin Phoenix from the movie “Napoleon.”
Daily Shouts
Some of Napoleon’s Other Complexes
He had a weird thing about people using coasters in his home, he was really bad with money, and he went to a state school.

By Graham Techler
An owl with a crossword on its belly holds a crossword-covered present on a pale pink background.
Crossword
A Themed Holiday Puzzle
2023 in music.

By Elizabeth C. Gorski
Two observers look on as a crowd of people walk through a large gas-pump-shaped archway that says “COP28” and “Welcome” on it.
Daily Cartoon
Daily Cartoon: Friday, December 1st
“The design is innovative, but I’m not sure about their messaging.”

By Peter Kuper
A top hat with long legs on a beige background.	
Name Drop: Can you guess the identity of a notable person—contemporary or historical—in six clues? Play a quiz from our archive »

P.S. Sandra Day O’Connor, the first woman to serve on the Supreme Court, died today, at the age of ninety-three. Evan Thomas has written about the crucial role O’Connor played, in 1992, in preserving the right to an abortion—a precedent that she ended up outliving. As Thomas notes, “She knew that there were many women like her, unwilling to have an abortion but also reluctant to tell other women to make the same choice.”

Today’s newsletter was written by Ian Crouch.


Illustration of stacked coffee mugs and a person reading a book.
Thanks for reading.
Let us know your thoughts about today’s edition. Plus, browse more newsletters and invite a friend to sign up.

You’re receiving this e-mail because you signed up for the daily newsletter from The New Yorker.

Manage your preferences | View our Privacy Policy | Unsubscribe

Copyright © Condé Nast 2023. One World Trade Center, New York, NY 10007. All rights reserved.


...

[Message clipped]  View entire message
